Add code for figure generation (#7)
vanvalenlab/publication-figures: 2021-Greenwald_Miller_et_al-Mesmer/README.md

This repo contains the code to reproduce the figures from Greenwald, Miller et al.

> Some plots require access to the TissueNet dataset, and are currently commented out. Once the dataset is made available we will 
> update the corresponding sections of the code.

Reviewer: Fix weird whitespace.

```suggestion
Some plots require access to the TissueNet dataset, and are currently commented out. Once the dataset is made available we will update the corresponding sections of the code.
```

> The data to generate the figures can be found in [this google bucket](https://storage.googleapis.com/publications-data/mesmer-preprint/mesmer_publication_data.zip): please download it and place it in the top-level directory for the example code to run correctly.

Reviewer: No need to tell them its a google bucket

```suggestion
The data to generate the figures can be found [here](https://storage.googleapis.com/publications-data/mesmer-preprint/mesmer_publication_data.zip): please download it and place it in the top-level directory for the example code to run correctly.
```
